.TH LCD_WRITE 1 "July 2020" Linux "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
lcd_write \- An utility to write text on HD44780 LCD displays.
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  lcd_write [-t text] [-r row] 
          [-R maxrows] [-c maxcolumns] [-i] [-d device] [-a device hex address] 
          [-h] 
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
lcd_write can send text to a specific row of an HD44780 compatible display.  It supports many display simultaneously, setting accordingly address and device special file path.
.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -t\ text 
Specifies the text string intended to be shown on the display. A space before the value is necessary.
.IP -r\ row_number
Specifies the row number ( starting from 1 ) to select the destination of the text string. A space before the value is necessary.
.IP -R\ maxRows
Specifies the maximum number of rows available. A space before the value is necessary.
.IP -c\ maxCols
Specifies the maximum number of columns available. A space before the value is necessary.
.IP -i 
Sends the init sequence to the display. Mandatory the first time, it initializes the device and clearing the present texr string.  
.IP -d\ device                                                                      
Specifies the special file, the display interface on /dev. A space before the value is necessary.
.IP -a\ address
Specifies the address on the I2C chain assigned to the display. A space before the value is necessary.
.IP -h
A short description of lcd_write command line syntax.
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is a beta, please send any bug, with information to reproduce it, to the address specified below.
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>